Hello, and welcome to this module of collecting data on
AWS, Amazon Kinesis data streams.
My name is Fernando Medina Corey,
and in this module, we'll look at Kinesis data streams in depth and learn
how we can leverage it for our data collection needs.
Let's look at what we'll cover in this module.
First,
we'll get an overview of core Kinesis data streams concepts like producers,
shards, consumers, and records.
Then we'll look more closely at different kinds of producers.
We'll look at the Kinesis agent,
the producer library, and the AWS SDKs and when to use them.
After that,
we'll look at different consumers of Kinesis data streams,
specifically, we'll be looking at the Kinesis client libraries,
AWS services, and the AWS SDKs, as well as when each of them are appropriate.
Finally,
we'll do a demo that lets us visualize the data inside of a Kinesis data stream
by using Kinesis data streams and Kinesis data analytics. So in the next video, let's get started with some basics.